README.md, before:

# camaliga

version 11.1.0

A carousel/gallery/map/list extension that can use the TYPO3 categories and different jQuery-plugins like Slick. 
Bootstrap 4 support. Indexer for ke_search. Many features.

You find the documentation at docs.typo3.org:
https://docs.typo3.org/p/quizpalme/camaliga/master/en-us/
and
https://docs.typo3.org/p/quizpalme/camaliga/master/de-de/

New in version 11.0:
- Now for TYPO3 11 LTS too. Support for TYPO3 9 dropped.
- Using the Openstreetmap-API for finding a position is now possible too.
- Breaking: Template Fractionslider removed (use fp_fractionslider instead)! Template nanogallery2 added.
- Breaking: Slug-task replaced with a Slug-command. You should delete the task before updating.
- Breaking: the old variable {fal} removed.
- Bugfix: don´t ignore selected pages on category-search.
- Bugfix: content-Viewhelper repaired for composer-mode.
- Bugfix for TYPO3 11.5: folder css renamed to Css and plugin-icon is now in Resources/Public/Icons.
  
New in version 11.1:
- Replacement of the Viewhelper cam:addPublicResources. It is now deprecated. Use f:asset.css or f:asset.script instead.
- New method for changing the page title and the metatags. Utility PageTitle removed.
- Bugfix for TYPO3 11 (e.g. backend-layout adapted for TYPO3 11.) and PHP 8.

Commit message:

Version 11.1.1: ke_search indexer now for ke_search 4 !!!

README.md, after:

# camaliga

version 11.1.1

A carousel/gallery/map/list extension that can use the TYPO3 categories and different jQuery-plugins like Slick. 
Bootstrap 4 support. Indexer for ke_search. Many features.

You find the documentation at docs.typo3.org:
https://docs.typo3.org/p/quizpalme/camaliga/master/en-us/
and
https://docs.typo3.org/p/quizpalme/camaliga/master/de-de/

New in version 11.0:
- Now for TYPO3 11 LTS too. Support for TYPO3 9 dropped.
- Using the Openstreetmap-API for finding a position is now possible too.
- Breaking: Template Fractionslider removed (use fp_fractionslider instead)! Template nanogallery2 added.
- Breaking: Slug-task replaced with a Slug-command. You should delete the task before updating.
- Breaking: the old variable {fal} removed.
- Bugfix: don´t ignore selected pages on category-search.
- Bugfix: content-Viewhelper repaired for composer-mode.
- Bugfix for TYPO3 11.5: folder css renamed to Css and plugin-icon is now in Resources/Public/Icons.
  
New in version 11.1:
- Replacement of the Viewhelper cam:addPublicResources. It is now deprecated. Use f:asset.css or f:asset.script instead.
- New method for changing the page title and the metatags. Utility PageTitle removed.
- Bugfix for TYPO3 11 (e.g. backend-layout adapted for TYPO3 11.) and PHP 8.

Version 11.1.1:
- ke_search Indexer needs now at least ke_search version 4.0.0.
